Add note about contributions during refactor period (#2500)
ManimCommunity/manim: docs/source/contributing.rst

Contributing
############

.. important:: Manim is currently undergoing a major refactor. In general,
   contributions implementing new features will not be accepted in this period.
   Other contributions unrelated to cleaning up the codebase may also take a longer

>    period of time to be reviewed. This guide may quickly become out of data; we

Author: ```suggestion
   period of time to be reviewed. This guide may quickly become out of date; we
```

>    period of time to be reviewed. This guide may quickly become out of date; we

Author: ```suggestion
   period of time to be reviewed. This guide may quickly become outdated quickly; we
```
